quite a show for tonight Mandy Moore is
here from misses us
Anthony Jonathan paramo a Tanner five
guys drive around the country in an SUV
saving people's lives like a gay a-team
it is really a great job surprisingly
uplifting and since they were already
here today I asked the guys to help me
with a little project this afternoon
that little project happens to be our
beloved parking lot security guard
Guillermo well Guillermo you know
Guillermo just loved it if you guys
could like look at him talk to him to
help him yeah because he needs it great
we can definitely change Guillermo by
the end of this great family
[Music]
[Applause]
very bold t-shirt choice a nice little
throwback to the 90s with that hardy not
sure if that brand still exists he's
more of an edge softie actually now that
I look at there's something in mind that
you think just work not this okay yes
I'm gonna leave you guys to work with
him and I'll see you later
do you feel great in all of this oh do
you know like all I could do better so
sometimes that like me oh I feel like it
but I track a new man yeah from my time
as a high school cheerleader I have the
perfect chance that will really build
some confidence we all love I think
hey Guillermo how do you feel and then
you have to go like this I feel good I
feel good
hey oh I feel so good
Oh hating all right that's a lot of look
and I know that's bold of me just say
when
I've got fringe going on but that's a
lot of luck okay especially when it's
like front and back like oh so much we
don't change that the jeans are
terrifying and the shoes the shootings
go so badly like this so bad they're so
so bad the shoes me to never see the
light of day again I I will donate it to
them
no no no no please don't do that no no
nobody needs nobody wants that
I would rather you burn them but if you
just want to throw them so be it my plan
is to tone it down
Guillermo are you decent
I love Jess I'm ready huh oh my god I
already like it so much more okay
feeling sexy yeah sexy can you show me
in sexiest model walk
oh yeah sure yeah okay go go yeah yeah
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
so how do you feel when you look at in
there I don't know see I can tell you
lacking that confidence but I saw this
on the wall
it's beautiful Chihuahua what do you see
when you see this Chihuahua I see sweet
nice you see all the things that are
beautiful right yeah there you go
my goal for Guillermo is to help him to
understand that he can be confident that
he can't feel good about himself so
anytime you're feeling down I want you
to think about this Chihuahua that you
have to bark for your confidence you
have to be barking mad for your
confidence so anytime you want
confidence bark with me just bark
okay Janna mo we are at the famous
crafty table this is where you get most
of your meals whenever you're working
right that's right so I'm actually gonna
take over and we're gonna do slightly
healthier options maybe okay just to
switch it up
Guillermo as lovely as he is doesn't
have the best eating habits I like to
fill myself up with vegetables before I
have like proteins and other things it
just kind of keeps me going a little
longer maybe some nice fresh apples yeah
yeah apples are yummy right yes Apple is
good Kraft is hard you want to run for
those complex carbs you want that
instant crunch so now we have like a
slightly healthier version of what you
would normally eat another little birdie
told me that you have a little habit of
yours before show what do you want is it
that you do yeah drink a little shadow
tequila I basically want to show you
maybe a little more elegant version of
having that little secret shot of
tequila are you familiar with a tequila
sunrise Vicki this is right no I never
try one it's a very romantic drink so
we're just gonna take this is probably
not unlike bottle of tequila that you
keep in your room right I want you to
pour the tequila in it cuz I want to see
how much you normally put what's a
little all right it's Aggie atomos swig
right there that's a very generous
amount that will definitely take the
nerves off you know what flu season is a
real thing we all get colds in the
wintertime even in Los Angeles so we
want to keep our vitamin C going so we
put a bit of orange juice like so and
now we take a bit of grenadine and with
the back end of a spoon you just pour it
nice and slow and it looks like a little
sunrise yes just a little bit of fruit
and you have a sweet little cocktail
that you made for yourself as we say
delicioso delicioso
yeah
I hope you don't have any issues with
personal space Guillermo I'm very much
over your shoulder no no problem
well I think you're a very handsome man
but sometimes I think that your hair
lacks a little bit of versatility gear
most hair is giving me a story of a
football helmet but we are not playing
football so I want to soften it I want
to smooth that I want to shine it I just
want to teach Guerra mows hair how to
sing a different song you know right now
it's giving me heavy metal and I want to
give it like a Shaddai treatment you
know so I think with a little softer its
feel so good I thought yeah oh yeah okay
no this is a good way for people with
wavy hair to blow dry their hair you get
out of the shower your hair is wet okay
Oh a little bit of death a little bit of
that okay look at you smiling at
yourself I like it oh my gosh I do
Graham you're really like taken with
yourself right now aren't you yeah
Jonathan I'm so happy press I think you
look very amazing ready to show the
world your new look
camera looks so good I think Jimmy's
gonna be blown away I'm ready I cannot
wait to Jimmy to see this meet you let's
go let's go
[Music]
it's time for the moment of truth but
first let's sail under the men of qui
right come on out
[Applause]
beginning here but it doesn't matter
we think though here maja do you feel
about the way you look I feel great I
look fantastic ten years if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment